MWAA: Add info about accessing the Airflow environment (#1118)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/mwaa/index.md

### Access the Airflow UI

> Airflow UI can be accessed at the URL in the `WebserverUrl` attribute of the response of `GetEnvironment` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Airflow UI can be accessed via the URL in the `WebserverUrl` attribute of the response to the `GetEnvironment` operation.
```

Reviewer: Thanks for updating the article. 👍
